Update Java SDK doc (#150)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/java.md

client.useBatchMode(false);
```

## Config custom http proxy

New in version 1.9.0. Set and unset custom proxy for http requests.

```java
// Set proxy for http requests
client.setProxy(new Proxy(Proxy.Type.HTTP, new InetSocketAddress("proxy.domain.com", port)));

// Unset proxy
client.setProxy(Proxy.NO_PROXY);
```

## Config custom logger

> New in version 1.10.0. Set an customized logger for amplitude client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New in version 1.10.0. Set a customized logger for amplitude client.
```

```java
// Set logger 
client.setLogger(new AmplitudeLog() {
  @Override
  public void log(String tag, String message, LogMode messageMode) {
    if (messageMode.level >= logMode.level) {
      // implement using custom logging framework and format
    }
  }
});
```

## Config events flusing thread timeout

> New in version 1.10.0. Set events flusing thread timeout in milliseconds. If set a positive long integer, events flusing tasks will timeout and trigger callbacks for those events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New in version 1.10.0. Set events flusing thread timeout in milliseconds. If set to a positive long integer, events flushing tasks will timeout and trigger callbacks for those events.
```

```java
client.setFlushTimeout(2000L); // 2 seconds
```

## Shutdown client and release resource

> New in version 1.10.0. Shutdown the amplitude client will stop it accepting new events and shutdown threadspool gracefully. Events in buffer will trigger callbacks. A new instance will be created and returned if call Amplitude.getInstance(INSTANCE_NAME) with the same instance name.

Reviewer: @bohan-amplitude here's a suggestion -- I'm not sure about how threadspools are talked about, so let me know if this changes the meaning and we can revise. 

```suggestion
New in version 1.10.0. Stops the Amplitude client from accepting new events and shuts down the threadspool gracefully. Events in the buffer will trigger callbacks. A new instance is created and returned if you call Amplitude.getInstance(INSTANCE_NAME) with the same instance name.
```
